I just finished my exam. I don't know if I passed or not. If I don't pass this is what I am going to be focusing on for the next attempt. 
I have gotten 3 full root access and 1 shell with low priv and another machine very close to shell...:

*Don't look at points and and try to exploit shell every machine
*Don't priv escalation every machine right away. There may be a machine that is more difficult than another
*Try Harder 
*I slept too long. I have pwned 3.5 boxes in 8-10 hours. The next 12 hours I either slept or did not escalate privs/shell. 
I came very close to shell but VPN went out.... I slightly gave up which is why I slept a little longer. The reason this happened
because I did not take breaks. I need to take breaks, I was pentesting for 15 hours straight, break only to eat a little snack.
*Try Harder

Things to work on:
1) Specifically anything windows related. My lab PWK pwn was very weak, most were exploiting without utilizing and knowing the ins and outs of windows machines
2) Linux privledge escalation. My linux priv esc is slow and horrid. I have practice a lot of Windows priv esc and feel confterable with any Windows priv esc
3) Having a solid outline on what to do. What to do in order? Which ports to enumerate first? I have wasted too much time enumerating trash that were rabbit holes
4) Actually prep for the exam - I did not know I would do this well on the exam because I was getting no where in the lab machines on the more difficult boxes.
I intended to extend my lab for a little bit longer which is why I took this exam for expereince. If I had prep for the exam, I know I would of passed easily for the specific boxes that were given to me.
5) Try harder

If I don't pass:
1) I will vulnhub advance boxes for a week
2) 2 Week Lab extension
3) Finish the rest of Public network, and maybe complete I.T.
4) Re exploit, already exploited machines. Make sure I am prepared
5) OSCP Exam
6) Try harder -  https://www.offensive-security.com/offsec/say-try-harder/

